we are in the village green which is an
eco-friendly space everything that is
eco-friendly sustainable having to do
with preserving the earth that's done
here in terms of the show's think this
is an important show to do for some of
the more eco conscious designers because
it still hasn't hit the mainstream in a
way like you you don't always see an
eco-conscious designer in mercedes-benz
Fashion Week and there's I think there's
a number of reasons for that but it's
still nice to have the community here of
support just to bring an environmental
consciousness to everybody and let them
know that fashion can be cute and it can
also be eco-friendly I realized that the
one thing that I always missing was a
great winter coat that was stylish that
was warm and that was vegan and there
was nothing out there so I quit
everything I came home to Chicago where
we have very long winters I spent eight
months on fabric research so I started
out finding fabrics that were a brand
new technology they were never being
made before their wind resistant snow
resistant he retaining and they're
completely recyclable and made in the US
and most people would assume that oh if
you can't have your leather trimming
story you can't um I don't know you just
wouldn't expect it to be as cute
I was first starting out I got all do a
capsule collection because there was
very limited fabric and I was scared I
would be limited to be doing fashion you
know with such a limited palette of
fabrics but the more I got into and the
more I was researching it the more I
realized you know it's kind of
ridiculous to do one that's not
sustainable when that sustainable and
and I would step up to the challenge of
doing fashion with the limitations that
I have and seek out more things and
actually do the full collection as
sustainable as possible there are now
sustainable designers winning the ecco
domani award and that they're getting
play in the pages of Vogue like that
took eight years to do so I think that
there is going to be that lag time and
there are there certain pieces that pop
out and they're like wow I can't really
see that on you know the runway from
here on out I feel like it's only gonna
Rob and not only do you feel good
because you look good but you feel good
because you know that you're wearing a
good cause if people think burlap sacks
and really ugly pieces of clothing so
shows like this really are putting it at
the forefront and showing that is
fashion-forward it's beautiful it's edgy
everyone can wear it and it's hit guy
green is the way to go
uh-huh Green can use black nowadays